=head1 NAME

ToolBarTicketEscalated - show escalation icon and number of escalated tickets in the toolbar

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In standard OTRS a icon for the escalation view is shown (when configured). This icon is shown
even when no ticket is escalated. And when tickets are escalated the number of escalated
tickets is not shown.

This add-on adds a new module to show that icon with a different behaviour:

The icon is shown only when tickets are escalated (like the icons for your locked tickets) and
the number of escalated tickets is shown.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

=head2 Activation

You have to enable this module via SysConfig. In

  Ticket -> Frontend::Agent::ToolBarModule

you can find

  Frontend::ToolBarModule###xx-Ticket::AgentTicketEscalation

(where xx is a number).

Activate this option and replace 

  Kernel::Output::HTML::ToolBar::Link

with

  Kernel::Output::HTML::ToolBar::TicketEscalated
.

=head2 What tickets are count

You can choose if the all escalated tickets are count (regardless who is the owner) or if the
escalated tickets are count whose owner the logged-in user is (like the "locked tickets" icon).

This configuration option can be found in the SysConfig at

  ToolBarTicketEscalated -> Core

=head1 ACKNOWLEGEMENT

Thanks to Nureg (http://nureg.de) who sponsored this add-on!

=head1 REPOSITORY & BUGTRACKER

This code and a bugtracker is available at L<http://github.com/reneeb/otrs-ToolBarTicketEscalated>.

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

 This addon is licensed under the AGPL 3.0

Renee Baecker, C<< <info@feature-addons.de> >>
